								
	D.I. von Briesen has been a technologist-educator for over 20 years, and a college teacher for the last ten. He lives in Charlotte and along with his wife is raising five children to follow in his footsteps, combining service with technology, education, and working to understand our natural world. D.I. created the EcoBox, a self-contained living space made from a converted shipping container, founded the non-profit gDwell, and is active in Hackerspace Charlotte and working to get kids involved in STEM, in part thru partnerships with Discovery Place, Imaginon, and CPCC. He is a regular speaker on technology in education, and an active participant in the open courseware movement. In particular, D.I. is excited by the opportunities that web based tools offer for learning and teaching programming, and the much broader world of the open source maker movement.		
D.I. von Briesen has been teaching for over 15 years. He specializes in evangelizing technology in education, with a focus on distance education, virtual worlds, and free or open platforms. He holds a faculty position with Central Piedmont Community College in the Information Technology Division with related roles in the Center for Sustainability - and is the creator of the EcoBox - a self-contained, off-grid, container-based living workshop and environmental lab. He owns and maintains multiple domains, and numerous related websites. D.I. lives in Charlotte with his wife of 20 years and their five children.

	Daniel Inayat “D.I.” von Briesen became Muslim in his early teens after first being exposed to Islam in Mecca, Saudi Arabia, as a child. He went on to Study in Egypt and Germany during high school, and again in Egypt during college. He cofounded the Islamic Society of Central Virginia in Charlottesville, VA in 1993, and served as its president until moving to Charlotte in 1997. D.I.  has been a regular speaker on issues related to Islam since the late 80’s, and speaks to both Muslim and non-Muslim audiences in religious, interfaith, and secular environments. He is a regular participant in activities within the Charlotte community at Masjid Ash-shaheed, Islamic Center of Charlotte, and the Islamic Society of Greater Charlotte, and has represented Muslims at various Mecklenburg Ministries events. He supports his mother and step-father’s Islamic publishing, outreach, and refugee assistance efforts via the An-Noor Foundation, hosts related websites, and serves on the board. He is a regular Khatib at local Islamic centers. D.I. married another Muslim convert Elizabeth Munira in 1990, and together they are raising five children within the public school system. Elizabeth carries the title of “Sheikha” within a Sufi Tariqa and is a regular speaker and representative for that group. They took their family to West Africa for a year and have also led them on various journeys across the US and in the Middle East. They and are uniquely equipped to discuss many of the challenges facing our world vis-à-vis religious turmoil.  the von Briesen’s represent a tiny and unique population within the Muslim community D.I. von Briesen has been actively involved in IT and education for over 20 years. With a diverse background ranging from computer sales in a university environment to tutoring consultants in the then "Big-5" to regular presentations at numerous conferences he continues to connect with educators from around the globe. He serves as the Program Chair for Web Technologies at Central Piedmont Community College, and has twice shepherded the program thru significant program changes, in addition to keeping courses current and relevant to today’s emerging technologies. He pioneered the use of tools like Moodle, Second Life, and smart-classroom technology in North Carolina and has led numerous workshops in these areas. 
	
	D.I. leads multi-day sessions every year for the Mid-Atlantic Working Connections seminar at Radford University and is a regular consultant/trainer to schools and educators on the use of technology in education. In addition to his own social media use, he is webmaster and web advisor to non-profits, small businesses, and school-based projects ranging from the EcoBox to high school robotics teams. He has attended and presented at BarCamp Charlotte six times in a row, and regularly participates at related events ranging from Charlotte CodeCamp, to Microsoft workshops, to Pecha Kucha. He is on the steering committee for TEDx Ed Charlotte, on the leadership team for the NC Computing Instruction Association, and advisor to the Mars Hill Mini Moot and a member of Hackerspace Charlotte, as well as a mentor to YETI Robotics team 3506.
